[Music]
it's mo welcome to today's video
I love skincare i it's one of those
things that i look forward to doing yes
of course i have my moments where i just
do not feel like doing the whole
procedure the whole shrink but for the
most part i highly enjoyed skin here so
today I have my daytime skincare routine
with a lot of my favorite products
products products that I use are
products that I've been using for a
while so I'll be able to kind of tell
you my thoughts as I go now my nighttime
routine is a lot different it has a lot
more steps a lot more fun right now I
figured I'd start off with the daytime
it's a lot quicker and easier yeah let's
jump right into it I'm starting off with
my taught to Harper regenerating
cleanser this is a super gentle
exfoliator and it's really great to use
on the daily it has apricot seed powder
in it and it removes build up with pink
clay and pomegranate enzymes it refines
your pores appearance with white willow
bark which is a natural salicylic acid
and the way I like to use it is I will
go on with a little tiny pump on my
hands damp my hands massage it and then
go back in with a full pump go ahead and
apply it all over my face my circular
motions get that nice exfoliant going on
the thing I love about this is that it's
so gentle that you can use it on the
daily and the granules aren't rough or
anything like that so your skin is not
left feeling stripped or dry and then I
just rinsed it off with my normal
lukewarm water now I have my Sephora
cotton pads and my la Prairie age
management balancer in short guys this
is just my toner my essence it's super
gentle
it's alcohol-free it's a skin
conditioner it prepares and preps the
skin for the products that are to follow
I now just saturate my cotton pad and
then I go ahead and sweep it all over my
face now do not forget the neck
whatever you do and I like to wait a few
minutes after I use this before I move
on to my next product I receive this
product complimentary from Clarins two
serums and one that's been the power
behind double serum since 1985 this
unique double formula combines the best
water and oil soluble plant ingredients
to address all visible signs of skin
aging this packaging is so cool it's got
a push button system that automatically
delivers just the right amount of each
phase and it lets you customize the
amount according to your skin's needs so
on one side you can choose more and on
the other you can choose less what I
like to do is I like to actually go in
with the smaller amounts I'd Pat that on
my under-eye then I'll go in with the
more sign I'll apply that to my face and
I like to Pat it into the skin and hey
don't forget the neck okay
[Music]
now anytime I apply a serum something
that I want to have some time to go
ahead and sit on my skin to penetrate to
do what it needs to do what I like to do
is in between the process I'll go ahead
and make myself some tea do something
that will give you that time let the
time go by a little bit faster to allow
the product to do it it's got to do so I
just like to make myself a cup of tea in
that time I always find that it absorbs
into the skin I can now go on to my next
step and we're on to my moisturizer now
with it being my daytime routine I like
to use a lighter product this is the
tatcha
balanced water gel it's an illuminated
water gel moisturizer that offers ultra
light oil balance and hydration
it's got Japanese while rose leopard
Lily to balance and clarify the skin
with 28 days of consistent use it'll
visibly tighten the pores and it's also
got 23 karat gold dust fancy-cut up and
for my last and final step I used my
tatcha pour perfecting sunscreen this
has got an SPF of 35 now this is
something I use every single day no
matter what and it's not greasy it's
super light I love it totally holy grail
status in my book so that concludes my
daytime skincare routine I hope you've
all enjoyed if you have any questions
for me comment them down below if you've
enjoyed this video please let me know
all right guys stay beautiful and I'll
see you again soon bye